Represent used memory in percent in shard and database dashboards (ECOINT-85) (#2588)
DataDog/integrations-extras: redis_enterprise/CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG - Redis Enterprise

## 1.1.1 / 2025-01-21

***Changed***:

> * Represent used memory as a percentage percent in Shard and Database dashboards

Reviewer: Not sure why last suggestion didn't catch - removing "percent"

```suggestion
* Represent used memory as a percentage in Shard and Database dashboards
```

# CHANGELOG - Redis Enterprise

## 1.1.1 / 2025-01-21

> * Represent used memory in percent in Shard and Database dashboards

Reviewer: ```suggestion

***Changed***:

* Display used memory as a percentage in Shard and Database dashboards
```

> 

Author: It seems redundant, how about:

Represent used memory as a percentage in Shard and Database dashboards

> 

Reviewer: Apologies, fixed the redundancy. The purpose of this suggestion is to add "Changed" to the changelog.
